Please use sshcommaderrtx3-- The Chat with RTX 2.0 has been updated with breaking changes. 
please refer to the working repository 
https://github.com/raymondbernard/sshcommandertxv3
# SSH Commader with Chat RTX .  A RAG on Windows using TensorRT-LLM and LlamaIndex 


SSH Commander is a application that facilitates the configuration and testing of servers or network devices via SSH. It uses Mistral 7b with NVIDIA tensorrt llm to spead up inferance.  It runs on Windows with GeForce RTX 4xxx . 

 **The SSH Commander with RTX**: This isn't just any program; it's your gateway to effortlessly generating and deploying SSH commands. The AI does the heavy lifting, crafting commands for you to review and execute. It's simplicity and efficiency at its finest.

We have included **OpenAI Compatible API**: We have included a compatible OPenAPI api.  The gui is not build yet.  However, you are welcome to use it as it is has promising seamless integration for developers keen on customization. In short it just requires you to uncomment two lines from the app_launch.bat.  We includes a test_app.py client for connecting , testing and running the OpenAI compatible api. 


Build with Tensorrt_llm our project uses Chat with RTX which lets you personalize a GPT large language model (LLM) connected to your own content—docs, notes, videos, or other data. Leveraging retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), TensorRT-LLM, and RTX acceleration, you can query a custom chatbot to quickly get contextually relevant answers. And because it all runs locally on your Windows RTX PC or workstation, you’ll get fast and secure results.
Chat with RTX supports various file formats, including text, pdf, doc/docx, and xml. Simply point the application at the folder containing your files and it'll load them into the library in a matter of seconds. Additionally, you can provide the url of a YouTube playlist and the app will load the transcriptions of the videos in the playlist, enabling you to query the content they cover. - by Nvidia 


### What is RAG? 🔍
Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) for large language models (LLMs) seeks to enhance prediction accuracy by leveraging an external datastore during inference. This approach constructs a comprehensive prompt enriched with context, historical data, and recent or relevant knowledge.
- by Nvidia 

## Purpose

The main purpose of SSH Commander is to simplify the process of configuring and testing servers. It allows users to:

- Add, edit, and delete server/device configurations via SSH.
- Execute a series of commands on multiple servers.
- Add, edit, and delete test configurations.
- Execute a series of test commands on multiple servers.

## AI Assistant

SSH Commander integrates an AI assistant to generate commands and configuration descriptions based on the commands generated by the LLM in our case we are 
using mistral 7b.  


# Documentation

SSH Commander allows you to download your configuration configuration in markdown.
Click on Read Config on the left panel, then Click on download Markdown button. 

## Installation

# Download Chat RTX below and install 
This application leverages Chat RTX, fist download and install Chat RTX by Nvida 

```
https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/ai-on-rtx/chat-with-rtx-generative-ai/

```

## Clone the SSH Commander with RTX and copy the files into Chat RTX

Open the following directory 
### Cloning the Repository

First, clone the repository from GitHub:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/raymondbernard/sshcommaderRTX.git
cd sshcommander
```

First Open 
'''
"%localappdata%\NVIDIA\ChatWithRTX\RAG\trt-llm-rag-windows-main
'''

Then copy all the files from sshcommander into the above Chat with RTX directory 

*Note*  you can easly roll back to the pure installation

### Running SSH Commander with RTX

Just double click on the Icon and it will open two windows.
One for the Chat with RTX and other for SSH Commander.

The applications are now connected. 

For the LLM window select a directory you want to reference your knowledge store. IE files which describe your particualar SSH commands lines. 
Then just ask the LLM for the commands you need .  It will configure the SSH Commander to use them .  Then you need tab over the the SSH commander 
window to edit and execute them once you configure you SSH pem key and login information. 

Please checkout our two youtube videos for detail directions. 


## Demo 

For a visual demonstration of how SSH Commander works, you can watch our demo video here: [YouTube Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS_zkYp1GwU&t)


## Usage

### SSH Configuration 

1. Expand the "SSH Connection Information" section and input the details of the original server through which you will SSH into other servers or devices.

2. Expand the "Configuration" section to add, edit, or delete server configurations.
   - Click on "Add / Edit a Server" to input the server address, username, and commands to be executed.
   - The AI will generate a description of the configuration based on the commands.
   - Use the "Save Server" button to save the configuration along with the AI-generated description.
   - Use the "Edit" and "Delete" buttons to modify or remove existing configurations.

3. Click the "Start Configuration" button to execute the commands on all configured servers.


### Testing

1. Expand the "Testing" section to add, edit, or delete test configurations.
   - Click on "Add / Edit a Test" to input the server address, username, and the test commands to be executed.
   - Use the "Save Server" button to save the test configuration.
   - Use the "Edit" and "Delete" buttons to modify or remove existing test configurations.
2. Click the "Start Testing" button to execute the test commands on all configured tests. This can be particularly useful for running an entire test suite after configurations.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

By Raymond Bernard
ray.bernard@outlook.com

### Hardware requirement
- Chat with RTX is currently built for RTX 3xxx and RTX 4xxx series GPUs that have at least 8GB of GPU memory.
- At least 100 GB of available hard disk space
- Windows 10/11
- Latest NVIDIA GPU drivers



#GenAIonRTX, #DevContest, and #GTC24
@NVIDIAAIDev, @NVIDIAAI, @NVIDIAAI
